hi youtubers its Gigi from alm hair I
wanted to jump off for you guys to do a
install / review video so you can take a
look at one of the hairs that I'm going
to install right i have in my hair now
is indian strength and what I've done is
um I curl wanted it like two weeks ago
and what I've been doing is poofing it
out because I like my hair big so so I
get a little more volume to my hair and
this is the same here from if you look
on the Facebook pages of the pictures
with the bang so I still have my bangs
they're here so i just haven't really
been wearing my bangs the last few weeks
or so I've just been you know pushing it
back into more of a swoop style so um
what I am going to install is for part
of brazilian wavy in a 22 and this is
the hair here my gorgeous four packs so
if you want to see it this is it okay so
what I'm going to do before I install
the hair is I'm actually going to diet
because I want to go light since it's
going to be you know the spring and I
want to add a little more color what I'm
gonna do is I'm going to do a powder
lightener and then depending on how
light it gets I'm gonna put a color kit
after so I'm thinking like light brown
maybe a little bit of blonde I'm just
gonna die in and see how it plays out so
after I diet color it and get it install
I'm gonna jump on so you can see how my
hair looks by
hey youtubers this is Gigi from a limb
hair I'm jumping on to do a follow up
video I know I said that I would jump on
as soon as I got my hair install but
I've been pretty busy and I figure
better late than never i installed the
brazilian wavy 22 inches i end up only
using about three and a half packs I'd
like extra full hair so I usually always
use four packs affair but for this I use
four and a half I color the hair myself
I basically purchase a activator and a
powder lightener and I just put it on
all the webs and the color took very
quickly I want to say about 10 to 15
minutes and I washed it out i did
position it before i installed it I had
am not needing to use the box kit
because I absolutely love this color
it's been about two and a half weeks and
I've put this here to a little bit of
everything I've been through the beach
I've straightening it i've been doing
rain and it just looks really good at
the current state it is now I basically
washed it a week and a half ago and I
curl wanted it and I mean ever since
then it just you know it looks like this
and I'll basically you know whip around
so you guys can see my hair and if you
have any questions comments concerns you
can just put in the drop box below and
I'll get back to you and if you wanted
to purchase this here you can just go to
a limb here calm and it's difference
anyway
you